So let's conclude this case study.
So as we saw that machine learning techniques was able to classify tumors effectively into malignant
and benign tumors with 97 percent accuracy which is really great.
Right.
And that's assuming that we don't have any deep learning or any features detection of whatsoever.
We actually provided the machine learning with our features we created or features our own which is
kind of on a very basic elementary technique because moving forward we can actually use directly our
images using our deep learning strategies to actually look at the images directly.
OK.
All right.
So the technique as we saw can rapidly evaluate breast masses and classify them in an automated fashion.
We don't need an actual physician to be that obviously you know it's kind of a second opinion that would
be great.
But you know now we've seen the machine learning model that can simply look at the features look at
the images and tell us OK this cancer is malignant or malignant and this cancer is benign right where
the tumor is benign.
So as part of the conclusion of part of the benefits of that study is that our early breast cancer determined
detection can dramatically save lives especially in the developing world.
OK.
And again as we mentioned that can be further improved by combining computer vision and machine learning
and deep learning techniques to classify cancer directly using tissue images.
And just a quick overview of the results that we obtained.
We actually reached on precision of 97 percent which is really great.
And if we can see here this kind of confusion matrix that we achieved through found that we correctly
classify 45 points we correctly classify 66 points.
So in total classify the summation basically these two numbers.
And here we misclassified only three samples right.
And a key element as well here is the misclassification was actually when the class was zero.
OK.
Or the prediction was zero.
However the target class was one.
OK.
So because they called Zero with the kids Menton malignant and one indicates benign which means our
even our misclassified points would actually define what actually is OK it's a kind of a type 1 error
indicating that OK we didn't say that patient for example is didn't have cancer and he had one actually
the patient we said that the patient or we we assumed that the patient the prediction the patient said
that the patient has cancer.
However he was just OK he was just fine.
He just had a benign tumor.
I hope you guys enjoy that case study and let's build a cancer free world.
Hope you guys enjoyed it and see in the next case study.